[Music]
we've become quite accustomed to
quicksilver's active range we tend to
expect very open very user friendly very
affordable crafts but here at the London
Boat Show they've introduced something
altogether different kind of
Scandinavian style thought study in it
called the active seventy-five five
Cruiser the first thing you'll notice
here is that the cockpits actually very
cleverly arranged in addition to that
three stylish starboard galley you get a
swinging backrest at the NAB position
and infill as a Danette and a folding
back rest of the art bench that gets an
enormous sunbathing platform that goes
all the way back towards the outfall
this might be a sports caddy but its
intelligence the design continues down
below with with long panoramic windows
well below the rubbing strength of
folding set to increase standing
headroom a diagonal bed an additional
seat and in particular separate a heads
compartment to starboard alike of great
many things about this boat I like the
overhead canvas and the fact that it
recesses deep behind the art bench to
avoid taking up storage space I like the
fact you're going to quit this with
anything from 150 to 300 horsepower what
I really like is the price it goes from
48,000 pounds and that makes it much
more affordable than most of the
equivalent boats from Scandinavia
[Music]
you